OK so let me just give you a slim idea of what what's going happen with Riak router right now.
Without outside the world of single page apps what we used to have is just a page within within yourself.
OK.
Is that just a simple set just a web page with the euro.
Now then if the URL changes is getting a call to the server is going to go to the server where the web
page it's hosted is get a search and find a file that matches this.
The change of your L and then is going to just return return to the web page.
It's going to reload the web page and display the file that matches that you're out.
If we are at for example pages is going to find the folder that calls pages is going to search it find
it and then just reload the page with that file.
So that is what's happening outside the world of single page apps.
Now the single page apps are really really different.
This process is completely different.
Let me show you right here.
We have a web page with with URL and whenever whenever we are just working with a single page apps in
the case of react first we get a history.
We have it right here.
This history.
It's a module that keeps the history log whenever the URL changes.
So this history is going to just keep track whenever the world changes.
And this is just an object Now whenever the oil changes this history is going to be listening for changes
the whole time.
So if there is a change on the Ural the history is the to call re-act router inside re-act router.
We have kind of a list of modules where we specify which your L matches which a component with a component.
So we prematch we have a list with your L and a component.
So if the history changes it's going to call rehang router is going to find the match that your L that
history is passing and it's going to find the module and then Riak router is going to call react is
going to say OK react.
I have this your Ural and you should be showing this component right now.
So re-act is going to grab that component and show it on the screen.
So everything is just inside a tiny module.
So it's kind of different.
We're not going to the server and fetching any kind of information the fetching it's inside the webpage.
The actual web page.
OK.
So let's go to the next section and we can start setting up a route.